Q: When is a dad joke a dad joke?
A: When it's apparent.
S: Dear Math, grow up and solve your own problems.
Q: What did the ocean say to the beach?
A: Nothing, it just waved.
S: I know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don't know Y.
S: I used to be addicted to soap, but I'm clean now.
Q: What's brown and sticky? 
S: A stick.
Q: Where do math teachers go on vacation?
A: Times Square.
Q: What's an astronaut's favorite part of a computer? 
A: The space bar.
Q: Why do bakers bake?
A: They knead the dough.
Q: What's the difference between a hippo and a zippo?
A: One is pretty heavy, the other is a little lighter!
Q: How do you call a rhinoceros on the long side of a right triangle?
A: A hippopothamusa!
Q: How many tickles does it take to get an octopus to laugh?
A: Ten tickles
S: Time flies like an arrow, fruit flies like a banana.
Q: What's blue and tastes like red paint?
A: Blue paint.
S: Algebra doesn't bother me and I tolerate Calculus... but Geometry is where I draw the line.
S: The fattest knight at King Arthur's round table was Sir Cumference. He acquired his size from eating too much pi.
Q: What's the best part about living in Switzerland? 
A: I don't know, but the flag is a big plus.
Q: What do you call a dog that can do magic? 
A: A Labracadabrador.
S: 5/4 of people admit that they're bad with fractions.
Q: Where do you find a cow with no legs? 
A: Wherever you left it.
S: Did you hear about the cheese factory that exploded? There was debrie everywhere.
S: My boss asked me why I only get sick on work days. I said it must be my weekend immune system.
Q: What did the zero say to the eight?
A: Nice belt!
S: My kid swallowed 31 small plastic horses. It was tough, but he is stable now.
Q: A float was sitting at the bar, and a double approached her and said: "Do you want to go out with me?"
A: The float answered "No! You're not my type!"
S: I'm afraid for the calendar. Its days are numbered.
S: My wife said I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.
Q: Why do fathers take an extra pair of socks when they go golfing?
A: In case they get a hole in one!
S: Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it's a soap opera.
Q: What do a tick and the Eiffel Tower have in common?
A: They're both Paris sites.
S: I sneaked this in a pull request ~Arne Six
Q: What do you call a fish wearing a bowtie?
A: Sofishticated.
Q: How do you follow Will Smith in the snow?
A: You follow the fresh prints.
